pleaes modify the code such that the game can be deployed on vecel.com as an online game using flask. Please make it playable on multiple internet browsers such as chrome, edge, safari, firefox, playable on Windows, OS, and linux operating systems, and playable on computers and tablets such as ipad. Please add arrows for left, right, and down operations and a rotation button such that the player can click those buttons using mouse or fingers to control the motion of the chinese characters which replaces arrow keys on the keyboard in the original code. Put those buttons the top right corner underneath the level and score. in the second subgame for pinyin, please show the correct pinyin on top of the character when the character touches the bottom of the screen. Please add donation function with "Donation" to be the first line with a bit bigger font and make a statement "Your donation will make other players enjoy the game for free" as the second line. My paypal donation hostID is SS3LVP7AGTN9N. Please move the three game buttons on the left side up a bit, and put the donation button underneath the game buttons, and keep the distance among the buttons equal.

Please put the word "Donation" to the middle of donation button. Please show the game instruction underneath the donation button after any of the game buttons is clicked instead of showing it in the middle of the screen. Let the instruction always stay there until another game button is clicked. Please add "Instruction:" in front of the instructions.

please count the score by 10 multiplying the level number. please remove the part explaining how the score is calculated from the instruction.

please use a multiplier 0f 0.5 instead of 0.7 for falling rate for ROTATE and PINYIN modes.

pleaes make the font size of the donation button and instructions bigger and close to the font size of the game button, but they don't have to have identical font size though.

when the webpage is opened on cellphone, the proportion of the box size and the font size is not correct, please make them recognize the device screen size and adjust the font size and grid size accordingly.

On the cellphone screen, the donation button still doesn't cover all texts and the lower part of the game screen is truncated. Please fix those.

the donation button is stretched too much, and the width of the game screen is also truncated such that sometimes one or two characters in the idiom module is truncated. Pleae fix those.

the donation button and texts on the button are still not scaled properly on mobile device. Please further adjust either the button size or the font size or both.

please move the instructions up a little bit.

cut the first column of the grid on the left side and reposition all buttons to the middle of the non-grid space such that there are more space for the buttons and the texts.


Please delete the heart shape from the donation button and use more sidebar lateral space for showing instructions.

Please increase the width of all buttons a bit more as well as the instruction container width.

there is still a lot space at side bar area in width direction not used, please make adjustment to use more space for buttons and instructions, especially on mobile device.

it looks like there are two scores on the top right corner and one of them has white background instead of transparent. please fix it.

Please in the mode pinyin replace typing in pinyin by choosing the correct pinyin from four candidates. One of the candidates should be the correct one and should be put at a random position among the four. Among the other three, one has wrong tone, one has wrong inital, and the other one has wrong vowel. Put all four options at the left side of screen grid vertically. change the instruction accordingly.

intead of always having to start from level 1 in each mode, please add a pulldown menu for each button which shows "Level 1" ... "Level 14" for modes "rotate" and "pinyin" and "Level 1" ... "Level 6" for mode idiom such that the game jumps to corresponding level after the choice is made by clicking the level button.

on mobile device, not all levels show up in the dropdown menu, please add the function to scroll up and down the dropdown menu to facilitate level choice.

move the arrow buttons and the rotation button down a bit and please add a button called "Demo" above rotation button 
please move the left arrow and right arrow buttons to the same level as the rotate button. Please change the color of demo button to light green
please link the demo button to demo.mp4 in folder "assets"

please add a new button "关于游戏“ above donation button. When the new button is clicked, please show the following content in the middle of the screen: 认汉字共分为14关，第1关包含笔画数为1-3划的汉字，第2关包含笔画数为4划的汉字，以此类推，第14关包含笔画数为16划及以上的汉字
认字写拼音共分为14关，与认汉字一样
组成语共分为6关，按小学1年级到6年级应该掌握的成语分关

认汉字has 14 levels, the 1st level includes Chinese characters which have less than 4 strikes, the 2nd level includes characters with 4 strikes, and so on. The 14th level includes characters with more than 15 strikes
认字写拼音has 14 levels, the same as 认汉字
组成语has 6 level, ranging from 1st grade to 6th grade
When any other button is clicked, the content in the middle of the screen goes away

please decrease the font size on the button and the button size on the left sidebar a bit. please make the button size for demo a bit bigger

please center the demo button with respect to the rotation button

center the left and right arrow buttons to the center of the grid column. expand the demo button width to cover half of the column on the left side and half of the column on the right side

the demo video doesn't show on the mobile device after clicking the demo button

make 关于游戏 font scale accordingly on mobile device just like the font on other buttons

please use demo_clean.mp4 to replace demo.mp4 on demo button link

on mobile devices, the game doesn't pronounce the characters when the characters reach the bottom of the screen, please fix that.

please provide two options for each level of the subgame "idiom", one is pronouncation hint which pronounces the idiom when the idiom shows up and before the player starts to click, the other option is without pronouncation hint which pronounces after the player makes the correct choice or when the idiom touches the bottom of the screen

please expand the width of the pulldown menu for each game button because it is truncated on mobile devices.

on mobile devices, the idiom pulldown menu text "with hint" and "without hint" are still truncated, please fix that.

scale down the falling rate of mode "idiom" to one fifth of current rate.

improve the responsiveness of mouse click in mode "idiom".

The right way that mode "idiom" works should be when level 1 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level1.json" should be randomly picked; when level 2 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level2.json" should be randomly picked; when level 3 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level3.json" should be randomly picked; when level 4 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level4.json" should be randomly picked; when level 5 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level5.json" should be randomly picked; when level 6 is selected from the pull-down menu, the idioms from file "idiom_level6.json" should be randomly picked. But the mode currently doesn't work this way. Please make sure the selected level is properly recognized and passed through the code.

sometimes in mode "idiom" after clicking the characters in the right sequence, the game doesn't recognize the correctness unless all the characters are in the bottom half of the screen. please fix it.

1. deactivate default base environment
conda deactivate base
2. set the policy:
Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope Process -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned
3. activate the environment
environment activation: vibe\ChineseCharacterBlockOnlineGame\Scripts\activate
